# Workplace Challenge
## Introduction
During mid November and December I signed up for a WPC or workplace challenge. A workplace challenge is a career preparation activity that is done by a group of people to learn the skills of a certain career by attempting to solve a real world problem related to the career. The career that the workplace challenge I signed up for was for cybersecurity, more specifically it was about phishing prevention. In addition we will be paid a stipend based off our performance up to around $500 after taxes.

## Teams
For the workplace challenge everyone that signed up: which total to around 24 students, was split into 3 teams under the instruction of Mr.Taylor. My team consisted of Marcus Henry, Caleb Ogboe, Jannatul Prity, and me. We named our team sodium acetate or hot ice, because we were working with Penguin Random House and trying to create a cybersecurity system. My team and I meet in person almost every Tuesday and Thursday with everyone else in the program, but sometimes we meet over google to finish certain assignments. It is probably also to mention I was the only student from the full stack development career pathway and if I remember correctly the only 12 grader at the Workplace Challenge, which meant I was the only one who knew how to code. 

## Penguin Random House
For the workplace challenge everyone that signed up worked for Penguin Random House to suggest improvements to their cybersecurity system that protected against phishing attacks. We meet with the staff of Penguin Random House once every week on either Tuesday or Thursday over zoom or google meet. The Penguin Random House gave us our tasks and gave feedback on our ideas. The task given by Penguin Random House was to provide our unique ideas/perspectives for improving their cybersecurity system against phishing attacks.

## Verbal Handshake
To fulfill the task given by Penguin Random House my team and I came up with the Verbal Handshake system. The Verbal handshake system is a system that is inspired by the secret code/phrase/handshakes used by groups to identify members of their group. It is built to prevent smishing attacks which is a type of phishing attack where the hacker pretends to be someone trustworthy by hijacking an existing email or using an email that looks like one that is trustworthy. The base idea is to give each member of staff an identification phrase and have them put it in every email they send as some form of identification. The verbal handshake system’s ability to prevent smishing attacks is based on the assumption that a hacker who is an outsider will lack knowledge of the verbal handshake system and fail to include the identification phrase of the person they are pretending to be during a smishing operation and get caught as a result. This will be the case phrase as each phrase will be designed to be unique and be able to bend into the other parts of the email. 

## Application
The primary component of the verbal handshake system is a website or app that will be used to distribute and control the identification phrases. It will have a login, home page, your phrase, manage phrase, and find phrase page. The “login page" will be the first page the person will be able to see when we open the website and will function as a password protection on the identification phrases distribution system. The “home page” will allow the user to access the other pages of the website after they login. The “your phrase” page will be where the user gets their own phrases after they login. The “manage phrase page" is where people with admin accounts can assign list access and new identification phrases, which they can automate with AI. The “find phrase page” is used to search for the phrase of people you will be working with and will be limited by the account’s access level. All the data for the website will be stored in a database. The secondary components of the verbal handshake system is the emailing service or extension that will provide the interface for the automation previously described.

## Improvements
After much brainstorming and receiving feedback from the staff of Penguin Random House my team and I realized the initial concept of the Verbal Handshake system wasn't very usable for various reasons. For one according to the staff of Penguin Random House it would be too tedious to use in practice, as the original concept intended for everything from the assignment of phrases to the identification of the phrases to be done manually. To solve this problem we decided to automate everything that can be automated such as: the assignment and creation of new phrases, identification of phrases, and the inputting of the identification phrases into the sender email. However, I myself did have some reservations about automating the process of identification phrase insertion into emails as one of the ways smishing can be done is by taking control of a trustworthy person’s device. In which case the hacker may gain access to the identification phrase insertion software, thus rendering the Verbal Handshake system ineffective.

## Presentation
The hold Workplace Challenge took place over the span of 5 weeks give or take. At the end of the Workplace Challenge we were expected to present our idea in a finalized form to the staff of the Penguin Random House. Over the span of the 5 weeks we worked to flesh out our idea for Verbal Handshake using various feedback we got from the staff of Penguin random house and Mr.Taylor. In addition we use various ways to organize our ideas into something more easily understood such as a: flow chart, written explanation, SWOT analysis, and slide presentation. Though at first me and my team ended up creating diagrams of our idea much to my embarrassment, as I was the only one that had been in steam long enough to have been taught what a flow chart was. As for the SWOT analysis it is basically a written analysis of the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, threats, and competition to our project.
